feat: set server URL via env vars, and improvements to README (#280)
ActivityWatch/aw-webui: README.md

 - aw-server-python: `activitywatch/aw-server/aw_server/static/`
 - aw-server-rust: `activitywatch/aw-server-rust/static/`

> `cd aw-server && make build` will copy the build assets from aw-webui for you. Once you've put the files in the directories, you may have to do a hard refresh in your browser to invalidate any stale caches.

Reviewer: > `cd aw-server && make build` will copy the build assets from aw-webui for you.

This is not true if you're not running aw-server from a release/install, nor if you've fetched the latest build of aw-webui from CI, nor if you're using aw-server-rust (I think?).

```suggestion
Either copy the assets manually, or run `make build` from the `aw-server` parent directory to rebuild and copy the assets for you.

Once you've put the files in the directories, you may have to do a hard refresh in your browser to invalidate any stale caches.
```

If you want to actively iterate on aw-webui with your local production data, you'll want to use a development build, automatically update it, and connect a aw-server running against production data. To do this, in one terminal window run:

```bash

> AW_CLIENT_URL="'http://localhost:5600'" npx vue-cli-service build --watch --dest=../aw_server/static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AW_SERVER_URL="'http://localhost:5600'" npx vue-cli-service build --watch --dest=../aw_server/static
```
